hard times make strong men, strong men make good times, good times make hard men
it's fucked up how there are like 1000 Christmas songs but only 1 song about the boys being back in town
"jail isn't real," i assure myself as i close my eyes and drive into the hallmark gift shop
it's the weekend, baby. You know what that means, time to drink precisely one beer and call 911
drunk driving may kill a lot of people, but it also helps a lot of people get to work on time, so it's impossible to say if it's bad or not
so long suckers! i rev up my motorcycle and create a huge cloud of smoke. when the cloud dissipates i'm lying completely dead on the pavement
the human mind... perhaps the most powerful weapon. second to only the "gun"
i'm issuing a correction on a previous statement of mine, regarding the terror group ISIS. you do not, under any circumstances, "gotta hand it to them"
look, i'm not saying that martin luther king jr was a gamer. that would be ludicrous. i'm simply saying that if games had existed at the time-
i'm afraid i must say that i do not find the mysteries featured on scooby-doo challenging enough
the only cryptocurrency you wanna get your hands on is this: bird seed. there's a lot of birds and they all gotta eat
the worst part of nationalism is having to pretend the flag is really good, like "yeah the country looks exactly like that. they nailed it"
i would take so many bribes if i was a judge. half my shit would be bribes. take bribes from the criminals until they're too poor to do crime
a man asks god, how am i supposed to live, without George H.W. Bush? god simply said "that's why i made two george bushs." the man just smiled
they gotta start calling the damn gas prices "gasp prices" because that's what i do when i see them
every generation deserves at least 5 movies named "Spider Man 2"
one thing the gamer world is certainly agreeing of, is that halo infinite is sure to be the highest-numbered halo game yet
for like 8 months i thought covid was one of those joke diseases where you ask "what's covid" and the other guy tells you to suck his nuts
i've generated over 100,000 wordles in my head and completed them easily, what more can i say of it
you call this shit rotisserie chicken? i bet this shit hasn't even rotated 1 time in its entire life
just clicking my mouse a bit. having a look at my files
i don't really care what yankee doodle did when he went to town. his toxic fanbase tells me everything i need to know about him
discord, as i understand it, is a sort of "hell" that i was banished to upon death in my previous life
no heaven or hell when you die, everyone is just herded into a room with a big scoreboard saying which person got the best head
starfish rant. i've had it up to here with this bullshit animal. click here to watch my starfish rant
the reason the "cars" movies have gained so much popularity is because the cars speak to one another. you don't get that with real life cars
hell yes, the army is putting me and my guns on a plane back to iraq. this is like real life DLC
retiring into the portable dog kennel i live in and shutting the tiny gate to keep the shitheads out
i wear the crown of thorns before every time i click post. heavy is the head...
a cool prank is to convince someone to join the armed forces and watch them get spooked by guns & missiles in exchange for hollow gratitude
"is Wario a libertarian" - the greatest thread in the history of forums, locked by a moderator after 12,239 pages of heated debate
how about instead of dropping the ball on new years we drop the damn gas prices for once
before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. that way when you criticize them, you are a mile away and have their shoes
crypto bros losing money on NFTs is funnier than anything i could ever say
if remy the rat fought stewart little, remy would win. he's a street rat he would absolutely clobber stuart with his bare hands
they should announce a sequel to "groundhog day" and just re-release the original
white smoke has emerged from the chimney atop a north hollywood high school, signaling that leonardo dicaprio has chosen a new girlfriend
wrote "will you marry me?" in the sand on the beach. hope it fucks up a couples holiday
why do people rake leaves it's just fuckin leaves dude whatever
imagine you lived in 0 A.D. and you didn't know who jesus was, all of a sudden the romans just crucified that guy who made your table
cooking together is NOT romantic, MOVE out of my fucking way
lmao has survived the transition from early internet, and yet rofl has not. much to consider
i asked the produce guy if i could try a grape and he said he wouldn't care if i lit the store on fire with him in it
just learned that all the "You're the best!" texts my dad sends me are one of three quick reply options in his toyota rav4
sometimes i watch people do their jobs and i'm like damn you might benefit from a little imposter syndrome actually
i bet there's a couple seconds on that medieval torture stretcher rack where it feels incredible
the fact that michelangelo was a turtle makes his art so much more impressive
nft son or astrology daughter??
why do baby clothes have pockets if they don't even own shit
wanting a less common name for your child is cool but calling them Kitchenaid Whiskey Jones is borderline abuse
i don't believe in bigfoot, because he never believed in me. i'd scan the crowd at my ballet recitals and always see that one emtpy seat
egirls implies the existence of offline, physical girls
my teacher saw me sending a message in a discord server and just said "we got a discord mod over here" do i kill myself?
i just spent $70,000 just to be called "one of my twitch subs" i'm never gifting anything ever again
if you nut in 2 minutes from doggy style that's actually 14 minutes in dog minutes
the tenant living in my metaverse house disconnected their crypto wallet and refuses to pay rent. what are my legal options?
in a perfect world, we would hollow out west virginia and use the slag to fill in lake ontario, completing a diagonal chain of now saltwater lakes connecting the artic and atlantic oceans. i will take no questions
if you think i'm not "classy" for eating an entire box of shrimp fried rice than it must be even worse to not know who your child's father is
potential sex playlist: radioactive by imagine dragons
next time you cringe over some embarrasing moment you had years ago try to remember other people's embarassing moments. you can't, can you? that's because you're the only embarrassing human to exist, everyone is always thinking about how cringe you are
sorry i'm not scanning a QR code for your menu i'm with the boomers on this
the 2 main characters in a show called veggie tales are fruits and that doesn't matter to you? [waving gun around] it's not a big deal??
if i were a 400 year old immortal vampire i would simply not enroll in a local high school
i wonder what kamala harris would be like in a blunt rotation
are you from tennesse cuz you um uh you... i.. cuz you uhh you... uhhh
marxist-leninist by choice, yooper by da grace of god
you think coming out as gay is hard? try telling people you enjoy little caesars pizza. see how much acceptance you get from the "tolerant left"
call me your ride or die the way i'm horny and depressed
interesting opinion, but: don't care + didn't ask + cope + seethe + pound sand + log off +
hate it when the wifi goes out and i'm forced to read javadocs through my phone
ideologically i don't agree with organized religion but they kinda went off with stained glass
i get jumpscared every time i drive past my old high school and there's kids there idk why i just assumed once i graduated they shut the whole place down out of respect
you guys can laugh all you want, just know that i've hit my head really hard at a starbucks before and believe me when i say this is about to become your problem
"i'm one shot, i'm one shot, need shield, need shield" -J.F.K.
watching an old person struggling with a jar and saying "allow me" and tightening it even more
we take it for granted today, but a single dorito has more extreme nacho flavor than a peasant in the 1400s would get in his whole lifetime
lifehack: target is giving out FREE supplies to anyone who can outrun the security
and this "shorty" you speak of... is she in the whip with us right now?
cheating at horse racing by giving the horse an earpiece where i can tell it what to do next (run faster)