In the observable universe, there are an estimated 2 trillion different galaxies.
There are likely more than 1 septillion stars in the observable universe.
There are more stars in the universe than there are grains of sand on Earth.
The Moon is so far from the Earth, you could fit the other 7 planets (plus Pluto) side by side between the Earth and Moon and still have room to spare.
Uranus rotates completely on its side, like a ball rolling around the Sun, likely due to some massive collision long ago.
Mars's Olympus Mons, the largest volcano in the Solar System, is larger than the state of Hawaii.
On average, the closest planet in the Solar System to Neptune is Mercury.
Astronomers suggest that there could actually be a massive ninth planet far beyond the orbit of Pluto.
Saturn's moon Lapetus is shaped like a walnut.
Saturn has a hexagonal-shaped storm on its North Pole.
A year on Venus is shorter than a day on Venus.
99.8% of the solar system's entire mass is from the Sun.
According to quantum mechanics, there is a small chance the entire universe could spontaneously disappear.
If you put Saturn in a giant bathtub of water, it would float.
Sunsets on Mars are blue.
Neptune's moon Triton orbits backwards, and no one knows why.
It rains diamonds on Jupiter and Saturn.
Three times as many people walked on the Moon compared to the deepest part of our ocean.
Lonnie Johnson, a NASA scientist, invented the Super Soaker.
After NASA's Pathfinder successfully landed on Mars, three Yemenis men sued NASA for trespassing, claiming that they inherited the planet from their ancestors over 3,000 years ago.
A NASA intern was incarcerated for 7 years after having sex on stolen moon rocks.
Astronauts use tortillas instead of bread to prevent breadcrumbs from floating into sensitive equipment.
Since 1971, there have been 12 different space stations launched into Low-Earth orbit.
The first artificial object to reach another celestial body was the USSR's Luna 2, reaching the Moon in 1959.
Spacecraft have been sent to every planet in the Solar System, the Sun, Ceres, and Pluto, and multiple Comets.
The Apollo 13 flight passed the far side of the Moon in 1970 at an altitude of 254 kilometers, marking the record for the farthest humans have ever traveled from Earth.
The Space Shuttle's iconic "rust" colored external fuel tank was originally painted white; this was changed to reduce the Shuttle's weight by nearly 600 lbs.
The Space Shuttle Enterprise was in fact named after the USS Enterprise from Star Trek.
Pete Conrad and Alan Bean's EVA instructions booklet contained images of Playboy models, as a joke from the backup crew.
Before the Apollo program was cancelled following the Apollo 17 mission in 1972, NASA had planned for at least three more missions, including the establishment of a permanent lunar colony.
In case the Apollo 11 astronauts didn't make it back to Earth alive, they autographed photos and enevlopes as a form of insurance to be sold by their families.